Look, I was gonna go easy on you not to hurt your feelings, but I'm only going to get this one and something you go on. I can feel it. It's just distance feeling. I got like something's about to happen, but I don't know what if that means what I think it means we're in Trump big come enemy is bananas. As you say, I'm not taking any chances. You just want to are beginning to feel like a rap rap up for people from the front to back, not at not not with this to an along enough this flat flat they said I wrapped like a robot to call me rap but for me to wrap like a computer I'm at in my jeans I got a laptop in my pack pocket my pinnacle walk when a half pocket got a fat now from that fat profit made out even in a killing office everything still can like fill in office with monocular wins filling on his nutsack. I'm an in sillines but a butane is indecent his own house syllables kilovolt Cube man distributivity givity hip hop youdon't really want to get into with the Ah with the fairy backpack and the AC and the back of the guy pack pack crap crap crap cat cat. Could he go nap the exact same time I take the civic a back of a consoling packs matters will be able to bring him to the fucking table over the back of a couple of bankers to crack it in half. Only realized it was ironic I was under after a math after the fact how could I not blow? Well, look, I was drop F bomb in my wrap up attack wrap as I have in a rough time period. Here's a math pad that fully disastrously. Bad for the what for the massively construction this mass period. I'm beginning to feel like a raptly people for the footnote answer long enough to flap flat. Let me show you maintaining this shit. Ain't that that everybody was the key and the secret to rap and will tell us in like I have hold to be true for the blueprint to be vain utili tupran everybody loves a room from a nuisance to be girl like an asteroid did nothing but for the moon in him see it taking a school with the music because I used it as the vehicle. The U, the Ron. Yeah, I need a new school for a tourist. Me I'm a product of rock him lock him to bacon W-A-Q-P Rinella easy. Thank you. They got slime this pie in up to one take go upload up in be in a position to me fun. You can see it. Not him into the up the fucking rocking Go Hall of Fame even though I walk in the Church in person. A hall of Fame only hall of Fame up be inducted in is the alcohol of Fame on the wall of shirt you think think it's all a game till I walk a flock of ring all from banking to me what in the fuck would you thinking, little day looking boy no day I can barely say it with a Street Clayton O you want to send a master card like a watch in a Church gather and take place looking boy boy made at boys Kaya's all they say looking boy you get a thumbs up Pat in the back in a way to open your labels if you came Loking boy G by what you say looking more I could help yes I'm ready looking boy I'm a work for everything I had and if I asked somebody for checking out my Facebooking or basically boy he never can be capable be keeping up with the same taste like a boy as I'm beginning to feel like a rap God trap God all my people from a front side of black not a not the way I'm racing around the check come let God NASCAR on the trailer park for white trash car Melber general godless planes Crypton don't ask God as God with you Beton Obby Odie boating I'm omni poking let off the nominee Moden immediately but he finds some toting and now should not be woken I'm the walking dead but I'm just a talking head of zombie floating but I got your mom deepthroating I Mount my ramen noodle we have nothing in common poodle I'm a Doberman pinch yourself in the yarn is Pahom it's beautiful to me my honesty crude but it's honestly full if I don't utilize what I do though for coldly confident while so I want to make sure some wearing the chicken crash I drive in to him enough from stuff maybe try to help get some people through tough times but I gotta keep a few points flat just in case cause even you unsigned rapes are hungry looking at me like get lunch time I know there was a time where one side was King in the underground but I still wrap like I'm all my barrel Munch ring to Wat crunch Rime but sometimes when you come by up here with the skin color of mine you get too big and hit it. I'm trying to since you like that one line I said oh no back on the matters help one. When I tried to step take seven kids from cotton on by put them all in a line at an AK 47 they report for another not see if I get away with it. Now that I am a Speaker I look time or finish in an immortal coming through the portal you're stuck in a time war we 2004 to and I don't know what the front that you find for a pointless with Mafunga with fucking corn rosiealeman and I just bought a new rate on from the future just to come and shoot for like win tabeenis made by man pesanta he was a pagan. He was the passing into a man. I'll be Pagano man. No, man. That was a 24/7 special on the Go channel. So Raj went straight to the radio station the very next day. Hey, bad. I'm Kilo lives coming at you with super SHONESE some, UM, UM, what I got to do to get it to you on superhuman innovation. I ate rice. Anything you say I sign for you nesting methane Destin how to give the audience lines eating, eating. And now he is eating or at a lot elevating because now the way to get elevated. I make elevating music. You make elevator music. Oh, hit to mainstream. Well, that's what they do when they get eleaka music. It's not hip hop. It's hop because I found us Calloway to music with rock shock, crap foot. Do someone lose just stuff? I make a music? I don't know how to make things like that. I don't know what words to use let me know when it occurs to you want I'm ripping anyone to diverse, diverse use? Curtain coming certainly hurt. Now how many verses I got a murder to prove that if you were half as nice as songs, you can sacrifice persons to a school flunk till June but look at the accolade skills Brown me full of myself but still hungry? I pull it myself because I make me do what I put my mind to when I'm a male on leaves above all when I speak in tongues? But it's still tongue and she fuck you on trunk? Satan take the fucking wheel in a sleep in the front pumping heavy and the boy still tanky but funky but in my head there's something I can feel? Tagging and struggling Angels fight with Devils and here's what they want from to ask me to win them and ate some of the women hate but if you take into consideration the bitter hate what I had, then you may be a little patient and more sympathetic to the situation and understand the discrimination but fuck like Canon you women make elimination but if I can't batter women, how the fuck am I supposed to make him a cation? Don't mistake. The truth is a fate a mistake. If you think I need to be overseas and take a vacation to trip abroad, then make a call on a facing? Don't be a retard be a King think not why be a King when you go.